docs: add new PR template (#4932)
snyk/cli: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> ## Pull Request Submission

Reviewer: Suggestion: provide some context on what is expected from the contributor...

```suggestion
## Pull Request Submission
Thanks for your interest in improving Snyk CLI. To ensure all our users have a great experience, please carefully complete all following fields. Any omissions will likely incur delays. 
```

Please check the boxes once done.

The pull request must:

- **Reviewer Documentation**

>     - [ ] follow [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) rules

Reviewer: minor nit: avoid the redirect from snyk/snyk to snyk/cli...
```suggestion
    - [ ] follow [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/snyk/cli/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) rules
```

>     - [ ] be accompanied by a detailed description of the changes

Reviewer: minor, non-blocking question: Where do we want this? In the PR itself? Is there any way we can (easily) reuse to compile release notes?

Author: As mentioned below, the commit must have a detailed description, so changelog and release notes are fed sufficiently.

>     - [ ] contain a risk assessment of the change (Low | Medium | High) with regards to breaking existing functionality. A change e.g. of an underlying language plugin can completely break the functionality for that language, but appearing as only a version change in the dependencies.

Reviewer: minor, non-blocking question: Same as above, where do we want this?

Author: I'd say in the PR description (like done in this PR under "What does this PR do?").

    - [ ] highlight breaking API if applicable
    - [ ] contain a link to the automatic tests that cover the updated functionality.
    - [ ] contain testing instructions in case that the reviewer wants to manual verify as well, to add to the manual testing done by the author.
    - [ ] link to the link to the PR for the User-facing documentation
- **User facing Documentation**

>     - [ ] update any relevant documentation in gitbook by submitting a gitbook PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] update any relevant documentation in gitbook by submitting a gitbook PR, and including the PR link here
```

    - [ ] ensure that the message of the final single commit is descriptive and prefixed with either `feat:` or `fix:` , others might be used in rare occasions as well, if there is no need to document the changes in the release notes. The changes or fixes should be described in detail in the commit message for the changelog & release notes.
- **Testing**
    - [ ] Changes, removals and additions to functionality must be covered by acceptance / integration tests or smoke tests - either already existing ones, or new ones, created by the author of the PR.

## Pull Request Review

> All pull requests must undergo a thorough review process before being merged. 

Reviewer: Who is responsible for this? Hammerhead?

Author: Both the contributor and the code owner.

The review process of the code PR should include code review, testing, and any necessary feedback or revisions. 
Pull request reviews of functionality developed in other teams only review the given documentation and test reports. 

Manual testing will not be performed by the reviewing team, and is the responsibility of the author of the PR.

For Node projects: It’s important to make sure changes in `package.json` are also affecting `package-lock.json` correctly.

****************************If a dependency is not necessary, don’t add it.**************************** 

When adding a new package as a dependency, make sure that the change is absolutely necessary. We would like to refrain from adding new dependencies when possible.

> Documentation PRs in gitbook are reviewed by #ask-content. They will also advise on the best phrasing and structuring if needed.

Reviewer: Since `ask-content` is an internal channel and this is a public repo:

```suggestion
Documentation PRs in gitbook are reviewed by Snyk's content team. They will also advise on the best phrasing and structuring if needed.
```

## Pull Request Approval

Once a pull request has been reviewed and all necessary revisions have been made, it is approved for merging into 

> the main codebase. The merging of the code PR is performed by the code owners, the merging of the documentation PR 

Reviewer: suggestion: since code owners is ambiguous to me

```suggestion
the main codebase. The merging of the code PR is your responsibility, the merging of the documentation PR 
```

Author: With code owner, I mean the team mentioned in CODEOWNERS for the code path.

Author: Will merge for now, we can have a second round of changes :)

Reviewer: OK, makes sense, thanks!

by our content writers.

> ## What does this PR do?

Reviewer: Ah! I think this is the section we want them to complete?

Author: Yeah - the above is just rules & checklist
